= warcorrespondent

<em>warcorrespondent reports to the warroom.</em>

warcorrespondent is a tool that reports measured data in json format to a web application.
At the moment the functionality is only available in a standalone binary.

== Data Format
The data is subitted to the web app via POST, setting <em>secret</em> and <em>data</em>.
<em>secret</em> is set to the string specified in the configuration file and is meant as a simple authentication method.
<em>data</em> is a json structure and looks like this: 
	[
		{
			identifier:"hosts:example:users",
			timestamp: 1271146141,
			type:"integer",
			value:12
		},
		{
			identifier: "apps:example:dontations",
			timestamp: 1271146141,
			type:"money",
			unit:"EUR",
			value:100
		}
	]


== Configuration

The main configuration lies in /etc/warcorrespondent/warcorrespondent.yml by default.
Example:
	url: http://localhost:3000/graphs
	secret: adsfdsafdsfa

The reporters are by default defined in /etc/warcorrespondent/reporters/*.rb
	WarCorrespondent::Reporter.new(:timeout => 300, :identifier => 'hosts:example:users') do 
	        count = 0
	        IO.popen('who') do |p|
	          count = p.readlines.size
	        end
	        {:value => count, :type => "integer"}
	end
The block may either return one  hash or an array of hashes.



To start/stop the daemon use:
	warcorrespondent start
or
	warcorrespondent stop

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Stefan Maier. See LICENSE for details.
